Add 3.7 to version history (#12509)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _about/version-history.md

OpenSearch version | Release highlights | Release date
:--- | :--- | :---

> [3.7.0](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-3.7.0.md) | Adds native Prometheus integration with PromQL support for unified observability across logs, traces, and metrics. Delivers up to 5.5x faster vector retrieval using doc values and expands hybrid search optimization with z_score normalization and Reciprocal Rank Fusion. Introduces API keys with scoped permissions, ISM policy simulation for safe preview of index lifecycle changes, and a query profiler tool in OpenSearch Dashboards. Makes unified agent registration and conversational_v2 agent type generally available for production AI workloads. For a full list of release highlights, see the [Release Notes](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-3.7.0.md). | [RELEASE_DATE]

Author: ```suggestion
[3.7.0](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-3.7.0.md) | Adds native Prometheus integration with PromQL support for unified observability across logs, traces, and metrics. Delivers up to 5.5x faster vector retrieval using doc values and expands hybrid search optimization with z_score normalization and Reciprocal Rank Fusion. Introduces API keys with scoped permissions, ISM policy simulation for safe preview of index lifecycle changes, and a query profiler tool in OpenSearch Dashboards. Makes unified agent registration and conversational_v2 agent type generally available for production AI workloads. For a full list of release highlights, see the [Release Notes](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/blob/main/release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-3.7.0.md). | 09 June 2026
```
